Add a blog post about GeoCAT tutorials (#86)
NCAR/vast: content/news/20221129-geocat_tutorials.md

---
title: "GeoCAT tutorials"
author: "Orhan Eroglu"
date: 2022-11-29T09:03:23-06:00
type: news
image: images/blog/20221129-geocat_tutorials.png
feature_image: images/blog/20221129-geocat_tutorials-feature.png
layout: staticpage
---

> The [GeoCAT](https://geocat.ucar.edu/) team has launched the GeoCAT 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [GeoCAT](https://geocat.ucar.edu/) team has launched "GeoCAT 
```

Author: Done

> tutorials to provide its community with guided teaching as well as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tutorials" to provide its community with guided teaching as well as 
```

Author: Done

self-taught content.

> The tutorial materials can be accessed via its [GitHub 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tutorial materials can be accessed via [GitHub 
```

> repository](https://github.com/NCAR/geocat-tutorials); cloning and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository](https://github.com/NCAR/geocat-tutorials); by cloning and 
```

Author: Done

setting up a local configuration as described in the repository home, 

> or through its [Binder 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or through [Binder 
```

environment](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/NCAR/geocat-tutorials/main) 
right away online! 

The content can be viewed at its statically generated [documentation 

> page](https://geocat-tutorials.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) as well. The 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page](https://geocat-tutorials.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) as well.
```

Author: Done

> The content can be viewed at its statically generated [documentation 
> page](https://geocat-tutorials.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) as well. The 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The content can be viewed as a statically generated [documentation 
page](https://geocat-tutorials.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) as well. The 
```

Author: Done

> readers of this documentation page can also access to the past tutorial 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Readers of this documentation page can also access past tutorial 
```

Author: Done
